Now that the shilling is gone
That would be the job.
We're using crows.
He didn't deserve to have been in prison.
He's a scumbag.
But I just heard
Mr. Shen was believed to have committed his crimes
This day is just
We all saw it with our own eyes in the Shen family.
Are you sure you're not listening to him?
Is there infinite?
Shen Wuya, stop talking nonsense
Don't slander me just because you have a backer
I see that you really don't cry without seeing the lawsuit.
I'm not lying.
Don't scare people
Liu Hu
Adults come up
Hou Yi
Do you recognize him?
You... you were five years ago
I am a servant of the Shen family
Tell me about what you heard and saw
Back then, I heard Shen Cheng and his wife discuss
To design to drive Yang Zi out of the Shen family
Because he was afraid that Master Shen would pass the position of head of the family to him
Little crow, don't slander me
Find anyone and talk nonsense here
This is what Madam asked me to give to Master Shen back then
drugged
You poisonous woman wants to frame me too